Docker image fix (#345)
seqeralabs/nf-tower-docs: DEV.md

# How to build/run documentation locally

## Generate a token on git.seqera.io
In order to build the docker container to serve the mkdocs site is necessary to generate a token on gitea.
- Go to [git.seqera.io](https://git.seqera.io) and use your credentials to access
- In the top right menu click on your avatar and click on `Settings` from the dropdown menu
- On the top part of the page select `Applications`
- Generate a new token and copy the value after form submission

> - Put the token into a env variable GITEA_TOKEN and/or store it in .bashrc/.zshrc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Put the token into a env variable GITEA_TOKEN and/or store it in .bashrc/.zshrc. Run `source .bashrc` or `source .zshrc` once saved. 
```

## Build docs image

> Run the following command to build the `seqera-docs` image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the `seqera-docs` image:
```

`docker build --build-arg GITEA_TOKEN=${GITEA_TOKEN}-t seqera-docs .`

> Above command can be replaced by running `make build-docker`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command can be replaced with `make build-docker`. 
```

# How to run documentation locally

Once command above has been run successfully use the command below to serve the documentation locally
`docker run --rm -p 8000:8000 -v ${PWD}:/docs seqera-docs:latest serve --dev-addr=0.0.0.0:8000`

Above command can be replaced by running `make serve`

> Visit 0.0.0.0:8000 from your favourite browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit 0.0.0.0:8000 from your favorite browser.
```
